[UFC-403] Update documentation with adding platform selection in javascript actions (#4007)
mendix/docs: content/refguide/javascript-actions.md

After double-clicking a JavaScript action in your **App Explorer** you will see the JavaScript action's settings: 

> {{% image_container width="400" %}}![javascript settings](attachments/javascript-actions/javascript-action-settings-with-platform.png){{% /image_container %}}

Reviewer: I think you forgot to update the reference?

The return parameter type determines the type of data a JavaScript action returns. Because many APIs are asynchronous, you can also return a `Promise` object which resolves to this type. The return value of the JavaScript action can be given a name and stored so it can be used in the nanoflow where it is called. For all types which you can use for parameters, you can also use a return type. In addition, you can use the return type 'Nothing' if no data should return from the action.

### 2.4 Platform

Javascript actions can be for a specific platform, it has an optional platform property with values:

> All (default)

Reviewer: Suggest making this is a proper markdown list

Web - can be used in a browser or hybrid mobile app.
Native - can be used in a native mobile app.

> To use a JavaScript action call from a nanoflow; then all actions in that nanoflow must be for the same platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a JavaScript action for a specific platform in a nanoflow, it will restrict the platform for that nanoflow. E.g. only native pages can be opened in a nanoflow that contains a JavaScript action where the platform is set to "Native".
```

> To use a JavaScript action call from a nanoflow; then all actions in that nanoflow must be for the same platform.

Reviewer: Would add an empty line above this to make it easier to read.
